README.md, before:

buildtool
=========

Multi channels and flavors build script for android
![Screenshot](https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool/raw/master/buildtool.png)

###Introduction
Since Google announced the new Android build tools Gradle, most Android developers have changed to use AndroidStudio. Though still in alpha version, I found it's really cool to work with especially when you need to develop a project with multi-release-version.

We can use the flavor build for each release version and ship them on the Google Play Store, however it can be tasteless when we need more apks on each flavor with some mirro changes, such as some meta-data for different markets outside Google Play Store. That's why I made this simple project with some usefull shell script to handle this situation.

###Usage
This tool has been updated, with gradle task written in groovy instead of bash shell scripts.

	#downoad script and config file
	git clone https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool.git

To use the new buildtool your need make few configuration.
1.Copy the custom.gradle into your project root directory, the same level with build.gradle.
2.Apply the gradle script into build.gradle,add  apply from: 'custom.gradle' on top of build.gradle
3.Update the gradle.properties(create it if you dont have one), market_channels stands for all your channels;

Deprecated
So how to integrate this to your own project? Just copy the buildtool and tools into your own project directory, or you can make changes on the script as you like.
The default release command is ./gradlew clean assembleRelease/assembleDebug, so if you have custom defined release/debug name just change it to yours.

	#downoad script and config file
	buildtoolv1.0(https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool/releases/tag/buildtool-v1.0)

Here are some usefull options:

	#release all flavors
	./buildtool release
	
	#relase all debug flavors
	./buildtool debug

	#clean the temp files generated by script
	./buildtool -c|clean

	#show help infomation
	./buildtool -h|--help
###Roadmap
buildtoolv1.0 (Deprecated)(https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool/releases/tag/buildtool-v1.0)

###Contributions
Any improvemet on this project will be appreaciated, so you can fork it and make changes freely and pull requests.

* Email:  <chaobinwu89@gmail.com>
* Wiki: <https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool/wiki>
* Bug Report: <https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool/issues>

###LICENCES
This project is under [Apache License 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Commit message:

add new release task with ship.sh

README.md, after:

buildtool
=========

Multi channels and flavors build script for android
![Screenshot](https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool/raw/master/buildtool.png)

###Introduction
Since Google announced the new Android build tools Gradle, most Android developers have changed to use AndroidStudio. Though still in alpha version, I found it's really cool to work with especially when you need to develop a project with multi-release-version.

We can use the flavor build for each release version and ship them on the Google Play Store, however it can be tasteless when we need more apks on each flavor with some mirro changes, such as some meta-data for different markets outside Google Play Store. That's why I made this simple project with some usefull shell script to handle this situation.

###Usage
This tool has been updated, with gradle task written in groovy instead of bash shell scripts. Currently we have three different version, each one requires little different.

	#downoad script and config file
	git clone https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool.git

copy ship.sh and channels.properties into your project directory,
open terminal:

	./ship.sh
####v2
To use the new buildtool your need make few configuration.  

	#downoad script and config file
	buildtool-v2.0(https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool/releases/tag/buildtool-v2.0)

1. Copy the custom.gradle into your project root directory, the same level with build.gradle.
2. Apply the gradle script into build.gradle,add  apply from: 'custom.gradle' on top of build.gradle  
3. Update the gradle.properties(create it if you dont have one), market_channels stands for all your channels;  

####v1 Deprecated  
So how to integrate this to your own project? Just copy the buildtool and tools into your own project directory, or you can make changes on the script as you like.
The default release command is ./gradlew clean assembleRelease/assembleDebug, so if you have custom defined release/debug name just change it to yours.

	#downoad script and config file
	buildtool-v1.0(https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool/releases/tag/buildtool-v1.0)

Here are some usefull options:

	#release all flavors
	./buildtool release
	
	#relase all debug flavors
	./buildtool debug

	#clean the temp files generated by script
	./buildtool -c|clean

	#show help infomation
	./buildtool -h|--help
###Roadmap
* buildtool-v1.0 (Deprecated)(https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool/releases/tag/buildtool-v1.0)  
* buildtool-v2.0 (https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool/releases/tag/buildtool-v2.0)

###Contributions
Any improvemet on this project will be appreaciated, so you can fork it and make changes freely and pull requests.

* Email:  <chaobinwu89@gmail.com>
* Wiki: <https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool/wiki>
* Bug Report: <https://github.com/avenwu/buildtool/issues>

###LICENCES
This project is under [Apache License 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
